
Hello,

My name is Kevin Huang, from  Toronto, born and raised in the Annex to Taiwanese parents.

Any ways, I have a MVP/Value Proposition/Business Model Canvas   .......





that might help DEMOCRATIZE or JUST BE CARING to SEX WORKINGS or as the SCI Fi tv show FIREFLY says, "companions that you try book a slot, even though you pay monthly :)

Fair is fair even in hell :)



Please click this FANDOM wiki page, or read below - Thanks and Be well and Good Luck Have Fun.

Best regards,
Kevin  Huang
+1 647 712 1984
kevin@swapplace.io (one business email)
------------------------------------------------



Welcome to the WEBCAM MODEL(S)?? OR???? Wiki!

Free ideas or solutions or business ideas to share around

>LINK TO THIS PAGE: FREE STARTUP / BUSINESS IDEAS FOR ADULT WEB CAM WORKERS

Business or Startup ideas for free anyone can do with ethical chat bots or chat a.i. bots.

----> Visual OVERLAYS, from APPS, or software to show layers of video are likely easy to make now a days, with just sentences on problems and possible solutions. Either way of approaching this idea or problem or solution works.

1. With open ai chatgpt, or other ethical sources of non life like a.i. then, just ask it to do the following as an example.

2. Hello chatgpt, my friend, how would you make some code or software in python that would allow me to make an exe or app or installer for different OS's mobile and laptop and PC and mac, that would allow anyone to use for free (as in install or use freely from a free trusted free source), that gives the following features or solutions to a problem in the Adult entertainment industry, globally, sadly.

3. Live web cam modelling is usually monopoly owned, but if you control in the input stream, then why not sell anything and everything on top of the actually video feed main content, aka, the sound the visuals that are important for now.

4. So, for web camming, one could display rotating images or gifs, or video with or with out sound as a sort of transparent overlay on top of the 2d video of the adult web cam model.

5. Again, so you could put an image or video or gif of, say, any product you think the viewers or friends of the viewers would want to buy from your channel or small live attendance community.

6. I would think, you could target your customer with products that are assuming gender interest but that's to much to think for me right now, prolly easy, but I dont know the industry enough.

7. For example some not gendered assuming would be socks? food, anything mail-able by post or send able online.

TL:DR

8. Ask this is actually a targeted message, I saw your content, as recorded long from video, not shorter clips or web cam modelling type of audio visual work.

9. So please now think of this solution for recorded content but the software or video player or browser addon/plugin will over lay on recorded content. I'm not sure if there is difference at all? Shouldn't make much difference, it's just audio video feed data that needs to be sent over the internet to hopefully paying audience members.

10. But really then the question is how do you automatically manage everything from taking the order and shipping etc.

11. I guess write the code to basically be one of those new startup size anyone can do businesses that are just automated shipping software and then connect to that business technology or code to any normally mail post shipping service company.

12. The products could be from anywhere to anywhere, not even just from Amazon, try other online e commerce solutions!

13. Joke time: Since lots of technology is developing so fast now, we might not money soon, like fusion rockets that bring back 4 quadrillion dollars back from space easily a year!

14. So if there is no money, who then decides who is the customer and who is the model/performer.

This allows I guess everyone to have more consent allowing more respect on all sides! "Firefly" TV SCI FI show is a kewl reference!

>LINK TO THIS PAGE: FREE STARTUP / BUSINESS IDEAS FOR ADULT WEB CAM WORKERS







